chore(storage): Add information about all storage types and Azure Blob Storage (#1917)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 07.Server-installation/04.Production-installation-with-kubernetes/05.Mender-server/docs.md

[/ui-tab]
[/ui-tabs]

### Supported artifact storage types

Mender supports following artifact storages:
* AWS S3
* minIO - storage S3-compatible API

> * Azure Blob Storage

Reviewer: It would nice to use the `ui-tabs` to have a tabulated view of the different configuration options.

Author: Done!

> * AWS S3
> * minIO - storage S3-compatible API
> * Azure Blob Storage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* AWS S3 (or AWS S3 API-compatible storage layers, e.g., MinIO)
* Azure Blob Storage
```

Author: Done!

> > To store the Mender artifacts in an *AWS S3 bucket* instead of relying on a Minio service, update

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> To store the Mender Artifacts in an *AWS S3 bucket* instead of relying on a Minio service, update
```

Author: Done!

[/ui-tab]
[/ui-tabs]

### Supported artifact storage types

> Mender supports following artifact storages:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mender supports the following Artifact storage types:
```

Author: Done!

* AWS S3 (or AWS S3 API-compatible storage layers, e.g., MinIO)
* Azure Blob Storage

[ui-tabs position="top-left" active="0" theme="lite" ]

> [ui-tab title="AWS"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[ui-tab title="AWS S3"]
```

Author: Done!

>     AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: "<your-secret-access-key>"
>     AWS_FORCE_PATH_STYLE: "false"
> ```
[/ui-tab]

> [ui-tab title="Azure"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[ui-tab title="Azure Blob Storage"]
```

Author: Done!

> > To store the Mender Artifacts in an *Azure Blob Storage* container using *connection string*:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> To store the Mender Artifacts in an *Azure Blob Storage* container using a *connection string*, update the values file as follows:
```

Author: Done!

>
> ```yaml
> global:
>   storage: "azure"
>   azure:

> >     AZURE_AUTH_CONNECTION_STRING: "BlobEndpoint=https://<name-of-your-storage>.blob.core.windows.net;SharedAccessSignature=..."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>     AUTH_CONNECTION_STRING: "BlobEndpoint=https://<name-of-your-storage>.blob.core.windows.net;SharedAccessSignature=..."
```

Author: Done!

>     CONTAINER_NAME: "<name-of-your-container>"
> ```

> > Instead of connection string you can also use a connection of these parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Instead of a connection string, you can also specify the following parameters:
```

Author: Done!

>     AWS_FORCE_PATH_STYLE: "false"
> ```

> > To store the Mender artifacts in an *Azure Blob Storage* container using *connection string*:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> To store the Mender Artifacts in an *Azure Blob Storage* container using a *connection string*:
```

Author: Done!

>
> ```yaml
> global:

> >   azure:

Author: Done!

> >     AZURE_AUTH_CONNECTION_STRING: "BlobEndpoint=https://<name-of-your-storage>.blob.core.windows.net;SharedAccessSignature=sv=2023-04-05&amp;sr=b&amp;si=tutorial-policy-635959936145100803&amp;sig=9aCzs76n0E7y5BpEi2GvsSv433BZa22leDOZXX%2BXXIU%3D"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>     AUTH_CONNECTION_STRING: "BlobEndpoint=https://<name-of-your-storage>.blob.core.windows.net;SharedAccessSignature=..."
```

Author: Done!

>     CONTAINER_NAME: "<name-of-your-container>"
> ```

> Instead of connection string you can also use a connection of these parameters:
>
> ```yaml
> global:

> >   azure:

Author: Done!

>     AZURE_AUTH_SHARED_KEY_ACCOUNT_NAME: "<account-name>"
>     AZURE_AUTH_SHARED_KEY_ACCOUNT_KEY: "<account-key>"

> >     AZURE_AUTH_SHARED_KEY_URI: "<shared-key-uri>"

Reviewer: The URI parameter is optional. If left unspecified, the URI is specified by the account and container name.

Author: Done!

> >     AZURE_AUTH_SHARED_KEY_ACCOUNT_NAME: "<account-name>"
> >     AZURE_AUTH_SHARED_KEY_ACCOUNT_KEY: "<account-key>"
> >     AZURE_AUTH_SHARED_KEY_URI: "<shared-key-uri>"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>     AUTH_SHARED_KEY_ACCOUNT_NAME: "<account-name>"
>     AUTH_SHARED_KEY_ACCOUNT_KEY: "<account-key>"
>     AUTH_SHARED_KEY_URI: "<shared-key-uri>"
```

Author: Done!
